Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(indistinct chattering)
(soft music)
- Hey. yo. ma'am!
- What?
(guys mumbling)
- What's up?
- Fuck are you doing our
here on this side nigga?
Why are you out here by yourself?
- I'm going to the motherfucking store.
- By yourself this late?
- Man. listen.
- Then.
you must not be scared to get robbed.
- Listen I ain't scared
of no fucking body.
- (laughs) This nigga is gangster?
You're thugging now nigga?
Give me a dutchie
- Come on. you know I
don't smoke now. I'm good.
- (mumbles) Walk with me dawg.
- I'm so high.
- Are you strapped?
- Huh?
- You heard what the fuck I
said. are you strapped nigga?
- No.
- Why not?
- 'Cause my mom don't
want me to have no gun.
- Of course not Melvin.
That's why you don't take
the motherfucker in the house
waving it around like.
"Look what I got mama."
Here.
- Man. hell no.
- Don't be no bitch take the gun.
There.
- What was that for?
- Don't take nobody gun out here.
You don't know what's
on this motherfucker.
There could be seven. eight bodies.
you just gonna take the motherfucker?
Think Melvin.
You got to be smarter
than that. come on man.
You hear me?
- I hear you
- You hear me nigga but do you feel me?
- I feel you.
- Good.
Don't give me that attitude either
'cause I could just fuck you up
instead of hitting you upside your head.
Think these niggas out here with all these
guns buy 'em and registering 'em?
Fuck no.
Here.
- This bitch hard.
For me. it's for me.
- Don't just wave it nigga.
It ain't no water gun.
Put it out. tuck it.
♪ Riding all day nigga
I don't want to talk ♪
♪ Hey one kill vanilla coca cola ♪
♪ First I cock that shit
then I swirl that shit ♪
♪ Then I take it to the block
so they can sell that shit ♪
- Oh. shit there you go.
God damn nigga.
Motherfucker
Goddamn nigga.
- Come on now bro.
- Oh shit.
- You know I wasn't gonna
miss your block party fool.
Plus I has to come over here
stunting on on these niggas one time.
- God. you went in either way.
All right that's funny you pulled up dawg.
just about to tell little
Melvin some funny shit I heard.
- Straight up bro. what you hear?
- This nigga named Mike.
I let him hold two bands
about a month ago. right?
And when I loaned Mike this money-
- Come on bro hold on--
- Nigga did I finish my story?
That's rude as fuck nigga.
Like I was saying.
Snitch is supposed to pay me
back in two motherfucking days.
It's been a month.
I ain't heard from this nigga.
No call. no text. no messages. no shit.
But I would be goddamned
if Mike didn't pull up
to my motherfucking block party.
Motherfucking new old
school on them falls.
With a bad bitch in the car.
(laughs)
(mumbles)
Ain't it?
Why the fuck ain't you laughing?
I'm sorry that Mike little
motherfucker ruined your night.
(car door opens)
My name is Woods. baby.
- I know who you are.
- You know who I am?
Ooh shit. go on over there baby.
Hey Melvin.
- What's up man.
- Let's do a trade my dawg.
- For what?
- Come on give me that back
you can take her for the night.
- Suit yourself.
- All right let's go.
(eerie music)
- Pesh. what the fuck are you doing man?
(mumbles)
(door click)
Go on take them steps. last
door on the right. all right?
(footsteps)
You like it don't you?
You wouldn't know what
the fuck to do with that?
- What?
- What the fuck is you
doing on the stairs anyway?
- Nothing.
- Exactly. you have grown
folks business. get up.
You little damn. stupid
ass how to shoot a dice.
Broke as hell. little damn. let's go.
Do you know how to shoot dice?
Better learn nigga.
- Yeah got me some moves.
(door clicks)
- Hey.
Teach this little nigga how to shoot dice.
Since you wanna play games.
Learn a game where you can
make some fucking money.
- Come on man.
- Go on.
(mumbles)
Go nigga.
- Watch and learn something.
(mumbles)
(door clicks)
(intense music)?
- What're you doing
- Nothing.
- Wait. where'er you going?
- Just to the back.
- I think you can hold it.
(door knocking)
- Jas. you in here?
- Yes come in.
- Girl. let me tell you how to block it
- All right then. let you
all little girls play.
(dramatic music)
- Motherfucker it's called
knocking for a reason.
What the fuck?
- I'm trying to figure out what the fuck
I'm doing here and all that money outside.
- Isn't nobody worried about none of funky
ass niggas outside Woods.
- That's funny because then funky
ass niggas is how you
go pay me my money back.
- You still tripping about them
a couple dollars I owe you.
- Yeah that's my money.
- I told you I was going to pay you back.
Don't keep sweating me about
that fucking money god damn.
- Hell no.
- Woods!
- What?
- Since you are here let
me owe you something.
It's a little something god damn.
- Here man. I want my money man.
- I got you motherfucker
and close the door.
- What the shit man.
- Rude ass.
(intense music)
(hushing)
(dramatic music)
- You scream and I kill you.
Do me a favor this time. try not to fight
- Good morning mama.
How are you some type of shit like that.
- Good morning ma.
- Girl bring your
motherfucking ass back here.
I don't know what's it you
been on lately Jasmine.
You are in a hurry right?
Fuck all that. take my
drink and refill it.
- Don't you think its a
little too early for that?
- I'm trying to figure out
who is the adult in this room Jasmine?
- I don't know you tell me.
(slaps)
- I bet your motherfucking ass now right?
Go girl take this cup
before I fuck you up.
Thank you.
Don't put so much juice in my shit either.
Smart mouth ass.
Now what's all the attitude for anyway?
What's really going on?
- What kind of mother lets that
shit happen to her daughter?
- First of all. who in the
fuck is you cursing at?
Secondly. I don't give a
fuck what you got going on
with your uncle.
He put a roof over our head. Jasmine.
You ain't gonna fuck that up for us.
So stop all this nagging and shit.
- But mom I'm not lying.
- What the fuck did I say Jasmine?
- Fuck you all arguing about now?
Goddamn.
- We aren't arguing about shit.
Your niece about to put
some vodka in this drink.
- Isn't it a little too
early for that shit?
- Why the fuck is
everybody worried about me?
Bye.
(mumbles) couple of dollars
you was worried about there.
- Christmas came early. huh?
- I guess it did.
Speaking of gifts hola some.
- God damn you can't wait
until she goes to school?
- Isn't nobody worried
about that little bitch
in that room bruh
- God damn man. shit.
- Thank you.
Take your ass to school
and fix your attitude
when you come at home.
- Good morning.
- Your little friend don't
know how to knock either huh?
- I'm sorry Miss Johnson.
- Y'all are some
disrespectful ass bitches.
Take your all asses to school.
- Jas. Jasmine wait up.
Girl are you sure you don't
wanna go learn or something?
Oh I know. you're not supposed to like it.
Jas. did he do it again?
- Hey. don't tell anyone.
promise me. promise.
- Okay. I promise.
- Let's go.
(upbeat music)
- Damn baby what's taking you so long?
You know that I got an
hour my lunch break.
- I know you like when I'm
fresh off the shower. right?
Will you forgive me?
- Hell yeah. I forgive you.
(door clicks)
♪ Looking in the mirror I can see myself ♪
♪ Standing in your arms ♪
♪ Holding me and kissing me ♪
♪ And loving me ♪
♪ Uh uh ♪
♪ You just can't get enough of me ♪
♪ Now I'm on the phone ♪
♪ Telling you I'm alone ♪
- Damn baby. you didn't
need hour after all.
- Damn I'm sorry.
- It's okay. I find it flattering.
- Damn can you at least lay
with a niggas or something?
- It's Prairie right?
Prairie. that's the street that your wife
and your kids stay on.
That's the street you'll find
your house where you will
find a bitch to lay with you
at. I'm the bitch you pay.
(dog barks)
(door bangs)
Get your ass in here. you are
all scaring my customers away.
How was school?
- I don't know. who was he?
- Little girl I'm going to
smack the shit out of you.
I ain't gonna to do that in
front of your little friend.
But instead I'm gonna tell you
to take your little smart
mouth upstairs. bye.
You too. little weak ass
(indistinct)
- What's the deal mom.
- What up?
- I just walked in the
door. what did I do?
- You need to go upstairs
and talk to your little
smart mouth ass sister
before she gets fucked
up. who the fuck is that?
- This is my friend.
- Bye friend.
- Damn what he'd do?
- Go talk to your sister.
(indistinct)
- All right I'm gonna go talk to her.
_ I'm serious do it.
- Okay.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah I'm okay.
- Okay I just need to make sure.
(door knocks)
- Who is it?
- It's me.
- Come in.
- Jas. what'd you do to ma?
She mad as hell at you right now.
- Sebastian. Jasmine has
something to tell you-
- Hey-
- Look. I said I wasn't
gonna tell your uncle.
But Sebastian. he needs to know.
- Needs to know what?
- Needs to know nothing.
- Y'all two need to talk. I'll
see you at school tomorrow.
- So are you gonna tell me?
I need to know what?
- Uncle Woods sells drugs to mom.
(laughs)
- Man that's I didn't want to
tell you now you believe me-
- Okay chill I'm listening.
chill I'm listening .
- Not only he selling
drugs to mom but he also-
- He also what?
- So let me get this straight.
I finally cook you all
motherfuckers some food
and you stand up there like
that shit poisoned or something?
What the fuck wrong with you all?
Hello. nigga is you deaf?
- Nothing all right!
- Little bitch. what the fuck
did you say to your brother
that got got him acting all stupid.
- She didn't even do shit. all right.
what the fuck?
- What nigga who the
fuck is you talking to?
- What the fuck am I walking up on?
- Your little nephew done
lost his fucking mind
cursing at me and shit.
- Are you cursing at your mamma nigga?
You grown now. huh. little nigga?
- I cursed at her.
But what did you do?
- Sebastian.
- What the fuck did you say to me?
- I don't wanna be involved.
(chair bang)
- That's what I thought. go
take a walk little nigga.
Before I fuck you up.
What a fucked up day I had
to come here to this shit.
- Who fucked your day bro?
- You know Rodger?
- Hold up. that fine ass right?
- You are dead ass right.
- What the fuck happened to Rodger?
- This nigga mixed his
shit with Fentanyl. OD ed
- What he mixing it with?
- Fentanyl. motherfucker.
You got to mix that shit
and drink to kill yourself.
- Shit I don't know.
- What the fuck are you looking at?
- Excuse me I have to go to the bathroom.
- You do that.
- I had a rough day too.
These niggas niggas stressing me out.
let me get a little something. bruh.
- Really sis?
- I told you I'm stressed.
- Damn girl. bullshit. I dropped that.
Hey motherfucker
- What?
- You heard what I just said?
I just told you Rodger OD off that shit.
- I don't give a shit about it.
- What do you think he overdosed on?
- Oh my God.
- God damn here.
- Thank you.
- Fuck that (mumbles)
Get off that shit.
- I'm trying. I'm really trying.
- Don't you give me that shit.
- I'm trying Woods what the fuck ever.
- What the fuck (mumbles)
- Hey mom can I make
you something to drink?
- Why the fuck is you acting so friendly?
Here get me this. and put
no extra in my shit either.
She be doing too much.
- Get your fucking kids under
control. bad motherfucker.
- Fuck them kids. Woods. Okay.
- I'm gonna take your ass to rehab.
don't act like you don't fit in there.
- I will get my shit together.
- You better.
(door creaks)
- So I guess you are surprised now Jas?
This is the type of shit you see when
y'all knock on somebody's fucking door.
Let me guess you're upset now?
I don't know why you are so upset.
If it weren't for this shit
your ass wouldn't even be here.
Hello bitch. meet your dad?
Mad as fuck. huh?
You aren't going to blow my hat off.
So I'm about to go to the bathroom.
about the time I come back to my room.
you better be in yours.
Bitch beat it.
(dramatic music )
- Uncle Woods.
Uncle Woods get up here.
Uncle Woods!
- Fuck move. move.
Sis. Karen. Karen. sis wake up. Karen.
Call 911 Jas. god damn it.
Sis wake up man.
- Mom. mom.
- Move nigga.
- No.
- Move please. what the fuck.
God damn it sis. come on.
(Gun fires)
(dramatic music)
- I had to.
I started the fire when he did.
(mumbles)
- I know. but he killed mom.
- I know this. I know.
(dramatic music)
(upbeat music)
♪ I come act prank ♪
♪ I been coming hoe choppers ♪
♪ 'Cause those niggas don't act right ♪
♪ I have on came 560 ♪
♪ I came drop that other bitch about 560 ♪
♪ I been on cane lows ♪
♪ I am not fucking around because ♪
♪ We blow about three pounds ♪
- I know you see me here.
- What?
(mumbles)
- Are you talking to me?
- This one on me yo.
- You work here. right.
- Yeah.
- Twenty dollars. right
- Yes. ma'am.
- Why would it be on you?
(indistinct)
- All right. (indistinct) this car man.
- All right that's enough thou.
- (giggles) Yeah. this shit on me.
(indistinct)
- Dumb ass. man you dumb as hell.
(door bangs)
- What you y'all motherfuckers doing?
Hurry up and shut this bitch down.
Hey man what the fuck you
all motherfuckers doing man?
Thought we're supposed
to be running business.
Y'all motherfuckers all on your phones.
you all coming to this motherfucker
looking like dope deals and shit.
Fuck. you doing diamonds on man?
Get your shit together
hollering at bitches
and all this shit. this
isn't how we make money. man.
(dramatic music)
(gun fires)
(door bangs)
- Open the door
- Keep your hands up. hands up .
- Men we didn't do shit.
(indistinct room chatter)
- Get this piece of shit out of my face.
(dramatic music)
(gun fires)
(eerie music)
What's up Cap?
- Sit down son.
Nice job out there really.
I don't like you going
in there rogue like that
I'd be lying if I didn't
say I was that same guy
coming up trying to make detective.
Knocking down doors instead
of sitting on our ass.
Waiting in the car. waiting
for all the smoke to clear.
- My bad on that Cap.
- Listen I didn't bring
you in here for a lecture.
I actually brought you in
here to give you a case.
- Who is he?
- He is a nobody but who
he works for is a somebody.
You would think that riding around
with $500.000 in your trunk.
you would be getting your dick sucked.
swerving in and out of lanes.
So we had to plan close
there stop him for a DUI.
Comes to find out. he's
about to make a drop.
- To whom?
- I was hoping you could tell me that.
Had two kids on their seat too.
- Where are you holding 'em?
- Let me talk to them.
- Slow your role.
We were holding 'em downtown.
Two days later. he ends up dead.
So you know what that means.
- Somebody didn't want him talking.
- Exactly.
My hunch is what got me to
captain and I'm willing to bet
my hunch that this isn't
no small time business.
There's a high roller out there
and I wanna know who he is.
(indistinct)
- Open the fucking mouth
- All right hey. that's enough.
Sam. Sam. Sam.
I don't know why you like to
make shit hard for yourself.
(indistinct)
- I swear to God.
- That's not we are gonna do nigga.
I can tolerate a lot of shit
but lying to God ain't one of them.
Fortunately for you. I got shit to do.
So I'm going to ask you one
more motherfucking time.
Where the fuck is my money at?
- Just give me a week. I swear. a week.
- A week.
(laughs)
A week. huh?
- Yes. I swear.
(laughs)
- You sure?
- One week. with interest.
- The nigga says with interest.
Okay.
See the only thing here is nigga
you aren't go be here in a week.
(gun fires)
- Shit.
- I think it's time for
us to unwind fellas.
Meet me at the spot.
- Pussy.
(dramatic music)
(indistinct)
- Still getting your money I see.
- I'm here every chance I get.
You need to be getting it with me
but you are at the bullshit
- You know I get mine.
- Fuck that aint real money
(laughs)
- Believe that shit if you want to.
- What's up?
What's you drinking?
- No I'm good. I got a move to make.
- Man tell a nigga you will be
- How do you know it's a nigga?
- Tell that bitch you got
a nigga that wanna watch.
(laughs)
- You are irritating.
I'm gonna hit you up.
- You really ain't gonna have
a drink with a nigga though.
(Speaker drowned by upbeat music)
- All right.
(indistinct)
Fuck this (indistinct)
- Hey baby girl if I was you I
wouldn't listen to shit says.
- Who the fuck is you talking to?
(indistinct)
- What's up nigga?
Nigga that's what's up nigga.
- Nigga you weren't gonna do shit.
- Yeah all right. what's up?
How the fuck did they
get you in a club nigga?
I've seen it all.
- You know I don't fuck
with this shit but...
- I see man. what's up man.
put him in the down dawg.
(indistinct) nigga that
real life little nigga.
- What do you think about working for me?
- Work for you?
Nigga doing what?
That I'm working for you?
- No. not right here not right now.
But I'm going to get at
you in a minute dawg.
I got some shit on the
floor. if you are down.
- Fuck yeah I'm down nigga.
(indistinct)
- All right.
- That day I gave you
$100. leave with my change.
- I mean I get it.
You got to make your money and sales
especiallY with all these
nasty ass niggas is that it.
(chuckles)
- You know what's funny?
- What's that?
- The fact that here I am.
sitting on your lap. with
my titties in your face
and yet you are still talking
about everybody else outside of this room.
- What the fuck?
- Oh my God.
- Look like she was trying to
but you kept fucking talking.
- Please don't shoot me please.
- I don't care about a bitch.
I could get this bitch to
say please before you could
and you are the one paying her.
Speaking of which run all
your money right the fuck now.
And put your fucking titties away
and get the fuck out of here.
Don't say you ain't got now.
Because I know for a fact
you at least got. two bands.
I'm really not good at repeating myself.
- Then I see your ass no more.
- Or maybe I better
not ever see you again.
(slaps)
(dramatic music)
(Knocks window)
I haven't got no money go away.
(Knocks door)
What the fuck lady?
I told you I got no fucking money.
Old lady. If you really
think you is about to rob me.
I got another thing for your ass.
- Rob you?
(laughs)
Now see that's funny.
No its you who robbed me?
- Have you ever seen this
gun pointed at your head?
Before now?
(Laughs)
Well then I never fucking robbed you.
- No. you don't never
put a gun to my head.
but you did put a gun to
one of my workers here.
It's a family business transaction I'm on.
Speaking of that man . I
got my niggas right across
the street ready to come and kill you.
If anything was to (laughs)
go wrong between me and you.
So with that being said. can
I have my money back please?
Thank you.
- You could count it if you want.
- I could
But I trust you small fry.
(laughs)
Oh. and just a little advice.
That trick you're doing
is getting a little bit too old honey.
You're going to get yourself killed.
And that stripper.
I mean. I'm assuming she
was in on the whole thing.
And getting her little cut.
(laughs)
Okay.
I like that.
You're not a snitch bitch.
(laughs)
Well. when you're ready to
make some serious coins?
Come and see me Jasmine.
- Wait. how the fuck do you know my name?
- Wow . you really don't remember?
I mean. you were a kid.
So maybe it's best you don't
But if you wanna know
Jasmine. I will tell you.
- You know I'm proud of you right?
- Definitely.
- No.
Let me get this out.
Listen. you've been busting your ass
to get where you are right now.
And I remember when I first
brought you and your sister in.
And I was over my head.
I wasn't that much older than you.
Right?
I've seen it a million times
what happens when the system
takes away siblings from each other.
And I just didn't want that to happen.
I remember you were so angry all the time.
fighting in school just like every day
and it hurt when I had to
send you to (indistinct).
Tore your sister apart too.
So that's why you come over
here and you tell me all these
big busts you're doing and
you know you are a detective
and all of this man.
I'm proud of you.
Okay?
- Thank you
(glasses clink)
- All right.
How about we stop one of the machines-
- Please-
(laughs)
- Hey man. you are doing
good in your career
and I'm proud of you.
- Thank you.
- All right
How about you tell me
about that love life.
- Don't start with that.
- I'm gonna start.
I'm gonna start that car right on now.
What did I always tell you?
A great career--
- [Both] Ain't nothing without
a woman to share it with.
- Hell if you know then talk
to me. now what's going on?
- I mean it will happen
when it's supposed to.
you know simple.
- That's it?
- That's it.
But at least promise me
you'll think about it.
- I will think about it.
- Okay. thank you.
- Now can you tell me
where your sister is?
(door knocks)
- Damn bitch I've been
calling your ass all day.
Do you know what time it is?
- I really don't .
- What time is it
- It's one o'clock.
- Shit. my bad girl.
I did way too much last night
I was smoking and drinking-
- And blah. blah. blah. blah. blah
Look fuck all that bullshit
you are talking about.
But that shit last night was perfect.
And nigga didn't see shit coming.
How much we hit that nigga.
- Nothing.
- Stop playing. how much?
- Fuck you mean?
- What does nothing mean to you?
- I know what nothing
means but I also know
you put a lot of money in your hands
from the nigga fucking pockets.
So I just know you're
not trying to play me
because then we will have problems.
- You really think that I'd play you?
You really think I'd
play you of all people?
- Don't want to fuck
then what the fuck Jas.
- Everything was good
till I got to the car
and something happened
so basically you was my mom's pimp?
- No sweetie I was your mom's boss.
- She was fucking men and
giving you money for it.
How's that no a pimp?
- I never asked your moms
do that with those men
Shit back in your mom's prime
she didn't have to do shit.
But she got strong on
that shit. lost her weight
she got sloppy and this type
of business that's not good.
- So what you're telling me is
once she got strung out on drugs
you stopped fucking with her.
And so what you want me to fill her shoes
and take her place?
No old lady you got the
wrong bitch for that.
- Pal
- What?
- My name is Pal.
not old lady.
And you know what. you do have
a choice you know that right?
Because you don't strike
me as the type of bitch
that works 9-5 type of job.
We'll see the difference between you and I
I do it 'cause I like to shit.
I could retire tomorrow on
any island in the world.
and I mean for the rest of my life.
So what I'm telling you
is that you have a choice.
Give me a year. one year you
can make it your own money
so that you can retire by the age of 40.
But once again that's up to you.
Let me see your phone.
Come on don't be so shy.
Dial this number if you ready
to make some serious coins
but if not. then we'll never talk.
But either way Jasmine.
this is the part you get
the fuck out of my car.
(dramatic music)
- You know call this bitch.
meet up. and get our money back.
Simple as that.
- No Hayes. that's not the plan.
- So what?
We just have to let her run
off with our money like that?
- You know. we took her
money in the first place.
- Not now.
- Technically we took her money.
- Fuck all that.
- Hey. when have you ever
known me not to have a plan?
I got this. just be ready. girl.
- Little bitch I stay ready.
- That's what I'm talking about.
- Period.
- I told him that. I had
to show him who's boss.
I don't Play that man.
- I know. I know.
I'm sorry. I'm late. what's up bro?
- What's going on?
- Two hours. two hours of the
month is all I asked for this.
- I know. what else you want me to do?
I said I'm sorry. shit.
- I'm sorry. excuse me.
- Hey. yo. can we come on?
Can we just enjoy family dinner please?
Edward
- As soon as your sister
apologizes for using
that type of language in my house.
- Done. Jas.
- Sorry Ed.
- Good excepted . let's eat.
- What's up with you?
- Nothing he just irritating.
- So what. he's like our dad though.
- That's the nigga that took
us in and sent you away.
- You need to-
- Don't make him our dad or like our dad.
- Show him some respect.
- Did you do (indistinct)
'cause I didn't it.
- All rights. rights. who is ready for my
- [Jas and Sebastian] Lasagna?
- Okay. note to self change
up the menu next month.
- We know that's all you can make.
- That's good anyway.
- Oh. and now you come
with jokes in the house.
How about this. how about next
month. how about y'all cook?
- That's fine.
- Yeah. I was more so expecting.
no we really want the lasagna
that you always make once a month Ed.
- Oh (laugh)
- Oh a laugh. see that's the
jasmine I remember growing up.
- You got to grow up sometimes.
- Speaking of which. I was
just asking your brother
before you got here about
his love life. so...
- I hope you not about
to ask me about mine.
- I'm absolutely about
to ask you about yours.
- Yes. so who do I need to interrogate?
- Can we eat dinner please?
- Okay. all right.
- Touchy.
- I'm sorry. I had a bad day.
- I see.
- And I just wanna eat
dinner with my family.
without all the questions.
- Are you my nigga now?
But my hoes can't get me
out this early my nigga .
The fuck is out with this
horror movie looking ass
shit gang what's on the flow nigga?
- Shut the fuck up here.
Another reason we being here.
is 'cause I needed to make
sure we was in a place
where a non of Drez nigga at.
- Drez niggas?
Nigga you was nigga.
Fuck is you talking about?
- Exactly . which is all I know.
Drez got niggas everywhere.
'Cause he trusts no
motherfucking not even me.
- I'm trying to see what Ed
he's got don't Drez anyway.
- Nigga this shit got
everything to do with Drez.
Because together me you.
we about to stop his clock.
- Stop his clock?
Fuck is you talking about?
I'm not fucking with that nigga bro.
I see that nigga do some
crazy shit in front of me.
I've even see you do some
wild shit for that nigga.
I'm not fucking with y'all niggas man.
- Nigga fuck Drez.
Now you wanna get this money?
Or you want to keep
being around here pushing
your petty ass peels just getting back.
Nigga I know everything.
And you go know it too. if you down.
- Are we talking about cutting
nigga dick on broad daylight
Drez nigga.
- Matter of fact you know what man.
give me my motherfucking blunt.
Move nigga I'm out.
- What's the plan dawg?
- See. that's what the fuck
I'm talking about nigga.
Only thing is . I got the plan just yet.
- What the fuck you mean.
what you aint got the plan nigga?
- Just what the fuck I said.
I ain't got the plan yet.
Shit nigga just as you said.
That's Drez we talking about.
- Exactly nigga.
- Whatever the fuck we do.
we got to make sure that
shit don't come back on us.
And then I could trust your words.
- Nigga trust that even no question
and if found with it on with it.
I'm waiting on you.
- All right let's get this money then.
(dramatic music)
- Tell me what the fuck you know.
- I don't know shit man.
- Yes you do.
- I don't get off me man.
- Get the fuck up.
- Ladies. ladies. gather around. come on.
Come on. come. come. come
on. come on. come on.
Ladies. say hi to my new friend Jasmine.
- [Ladies] Hey Jasmine.
- Isn't she beautiful (laughs)
and Jasmine here was referring
about what we do here.
- We make men feel good.
- Ding ding ding ding.
you're exactly right Drea.
we make ladies feel good.
See Jasmine. that's the type of business
that will be making you feel
real good for money (laughs)
- So like prostitutes?
- Bitch what?
(chattering)
- No.
We don't like to use that word sweetheart.
All right ladies continue relaxing.
Hey. y'all looking good out there too.
Come on let me get you a drink.
- Nah I'm straight.
- So I did scare you off.
- I'm not scared of shit.
I'm not about to be
fucking niggas for money.
- And did I ask you to?
- I'm not about to be making niggas
feel good for some money.
- And again. did I ask you to?
- What the fuck do you want from me?
So all of this is your office?
- Yes. one of them.
But I didn't bring you
here to brag Jasmine.
I brought you here to show
you the shit that you can have
if you just listen to me.
Have a seat.
And you asked me before
what I want from you.
What I want from you is to teach you shit.
At least owe you that.
'Cause it's so fucked
away I feel part to blame
for what happened to your mom's?
So what I'm asking you is to shadow me.
Give me one year you can
make in your own money.
running your own nigga
pleasing and business
if you choose to.
But again. that choice is
up to you. your choice.
- Hey pearl.
- Hey baby. how was it?
- Not even a kiss on the cheek?
- Joel. Jas. Jas. Joel.
- Hey.
- What's up?
- All right. baby. give me
a minute I'll be in there
talk to you about your day. okay.
- Yeah.
- All right. Keep it
up. looking real good.
See. Jasmine.
The trick in business isn't
always about fucking for money.
Okay.
And the way I train my girls
they don't have to do too much at all.
I mean. of course. they
do have to get physical
from time to time but not all the time.
So do you wanna learn what?
- Great got a name.
You don't even have a
face to go with the name
you don't even have
spot the name hangs out.
Hell. for all we know
this can be a fake guy.
- And if you know me and my tactics.
you know name is solid.
- Oh. even if the name is solid?
You said yourself. the
saving the head guy.
You do remember who are going after?
- Yes. yes. and if I'm right.
this is the guy right
next to the guy in charge.
All I'm asking is to shake
a few trees just to see
what falls cap. that's it.
- All right I'm giving
you permission to take
a few trees very lightly.
and I mean. very lightly.
- Thank you.
I promise you you won't regret it cap.
- I bet not.
So map it out to me.
what's your first move.
- First move is to find
out who the hell Rill is.
- If you're scared. you
can get the fuck out now.
- Nigga ain't scared
of motherfucking thing
- Right you aint scared.
What the fuck you got
that stupid ass mask on
a purple one like that?
- Like it's my favorite
color nigga you know that.
- Take that stupid ass shit off.
- Damn bro.
- Why your scary ass
face need a mask nigga?
Now look all you need to know is .
all you need to know
is it's a whole lot of
fucking paper up in the house right here.
And the only two motherfuckers
leaving out of it
is me and your hoe ass.
- Got this shit right?
- Now here you scary ass nigga.
- What the fuck I do with this?
- Man get the fuck out of the car.
(intense music)
(indistinct chatter)
(gun fires)
(intense music)
- Hey. hey. we got a alive one.
- Nigga what's up?
I didn't even know I you was here bro.
(gun fires)
- Where's the money at?
- It's right over there .
- Where's the money at. money at?
- It's over there man.
- Nigga where's money at nigga?
- Over there man.
- Where the money at
nigga. where the money at?
(gun fire)
Bitch where money at nigga?
- Nigga I'm fucking with you.
- The stop playing with me
nigga. where the money at nigga?
- But the lick is coming and when they do
I wanna know who I'm fucking with
if I can trust you or not.
- Nigga I told you to trust
me. nigga where the money at?
- Nigga and I said needed to make sure.
Besides. I want to show
you the sign of respect.
- Respect nigga.
- You see that nigga you shot right there?
Nigga that's not blood cousin.
And that bitch owe me $50.
And if this shit goes down
think about what you wanna take from me.
Little nigga you ain't my blood. cuz
so you do the fucking math.
- Nigga I know how to fucking count
already added up what's next?
(soft music playing)
- What the fuck you mean right now?
That will take over the business.
- Yeah.
- Okay . I just wanted
to hear your ass say it.
Thought you was going soft on the bitch.
- Girl please. never that.
(door bang)
- What the fuck man?
(indistinctive)
(laughs)
- Sick niggas be crying like this.
oh my god yeah no for real.
- Yeah thanks to your ass
I told you in the first place
Let's not do that shit again.
- Yo. fuck you a bitch
got to eat okay shit.
I've been laying low long
enough waiting on your ass
right in front of my
step daughter and shit.
I've been banging this nigga
for like a fucking week.
and I knew he was coming to
spend that cheque tonight.
- If that was the case you was
getting the money regardless.
- Shit Maybe?
Maybe not.
The point is. your ass shouldn't been all
in his fucking face calling
him bitches and hoes
I wanna snatch a fucking mask off too.
- Man fuck that shit.
That's our last back room bullshit.
We on the bigger better things now.
- Hell yeah.
- Hold on men. what the fuck?
Tell them not to do this. what the fuck?
Hold up.
(gun fires)
- Call Burns
and tell him we need him
to clean the trunk out.
- I'm already on it.
(boot door slams)
(dramatic music)
- Well. remember today
just isn't about football.
It's about growing as young men
'cause as we know football
is more than just a game
it's a way of life . pushing
supporting others in life
same with supporting
the teammates on defense
being competitive for that next win
is the same as being
competitive for that next job
and most important. not
accepting the average game
is to say was not accepted
average lifestyle for yourself.
So I say good luck and
congratulations to you all.
'cause you all winners.
(players screaming)
Let's hit the field.
- Nice speech.
- Was wasn't. it was hard felt.
Follow me.
- So fine in the spirit with the kids
but on this real world shit.
When I came along with
the top business with you.
now we are in the locker room.
- You gotta relax.
- I'll relax when I see some product.
- Well you heard him.
show him some fucking products
so we can do some business.
Relax
- Calm down.
- That's the fuck I'm talking about.
- You see Ceas there is
always a method to my madness.
I don't give a fuck about the kids.
but they make a great fucking alibi.
And I guess the real question
is right here right now
I got 500 of them can you handle it?
- I can handle it give me a week.
- Clock start.
Tell Tate don't fuck this drop off.
- I got you.
(hiphop music)
(indistinct chatter)
- Well. well. well. don't
you bitches look pretty?
- Don't we always
- Indeed you doing that as fuck.
Thank you baby. that will
be all. you are dismissed.
We do like chocolate
around here right ladies?
So now we about to add
another pretty bitch
to the team Hayes and Hazy-.
(gun fire)
(ladies screaming)
- Hayes is that bitch y'all
gonna listen to from now on
when you're not listening to me.
That was personal and I know
y'all love pearl and all
but y'all can love me and Hayes now
nothing changes for y'all still get money
fancy house. clothes
you'll always be protected
'cause I always protect
mine. ain't that right Drea?
- She'll definitely got
your back if shit goes down.
I could personally vouch for this shit.
- See. I always take care of
mine ain't that right Hayes?
- All the time.
- So my rules are simple
don't get pregnant
don't steal from clients
but I'm gonna be fair
I know y'all been working
under this dead bitch
for a while now.
So if any of you want
to go no hard feelings.
(gun shot)
Anybody else?
- Sis was gonna snitch anyways.
- All right bitches. let's get this money.
Someone to get this shit
cleaned the fuck up.
- Oops.
- I'm just saying why can't
i ride on the bike daddy.
- That's your motherfucking problem.
bitch you ask too many goddamn questions.
Your job is strolling. my job is rolling.
You know what I'm saying.
that's why you not on the bike.
what I'm gonna do here is.
I'm gonna put you on the road right now.
So I'm gonna exchange you
kind of like how do you do back in the day
for goods and services?
So you like Turkey right
now so we're gonna trade you
to the Indians for like a tomahawk
or whatever these niggas got.
- Whatever.
- That's my dawg.
Hey burns. what's up baby?
- What's up me.
- What's up is you fresh
like a motherfucker
running round with hoes and shit bro.
Where my money at for
three weeks ago nigga.
- I'd been short on that.
You know I'm saying but
at the end of the day. I
still got something for you.
You know I'm saying so I
want you to check this out.
So I owe you a hundred right?
So how about you take this onion?
- Hold up. wait wait you want
to exchange her for some weed?
Is that what you saying?
- You didn't let me finish
it man. the way you say it
" exchange her for some
weed" don't sound cold.
What I'm trying to say
is I owe you one onion.
I got two zips right here straight drop.
You know I'm saying and I'm
gonna just let you get that
for another zip 'cause I need to re up.
That's what I was coming here for.
You can just do that for free.
That's a quarter to grab it .
- Got to pull up on my man's real quick.
I won't take me long. we can
take you to your appointment.
- Okay.
- I'm just saying I didn't smoke.
- I haven't smoked all week.
(car beeps)
I'll be right back.
Damn what's up Jay?
You looking bad motherfucker
on a Sunday afternoon.
- Oh my goodness
you look like you still
knocking off back page hoes
- Fuck all that. what's
with a shorty in a car.
- That's one of my bitches.
- Let me know you what you wanna sell it
I'm half price hoe's you get.
- Nigga shut up.
(laughs)
You know I'm gonna show you
love. you always fuck up.
Speaking of which.
Thanks for taking out the
trash at that old bitch house.
- You know jay I'm
gonna hold it down baby.
- I know. I'm gonna get with you.
- Now look like I was saying
bro. you owe me 100 foot.
A whole week a matter of fact.
I changed my mind just don't front me.
(indistinct chatter)
- You aint go take Maya for free.
- Get back. I got a dog. get back.
- Come on bro.
- Let's get you to your appointment.
- I still don't know why you drop me off.
I mean. pearl.
- I'm not that bitch.
I told you you special to me.
And this is my way of showing
you that I appreciate you.
Pearl don't give a fuck about y'all.
Y'all was just dollar signs.
It's not like that with
me. at least not with you.
Ready to go?
- Yeah.
(engine revving)
- I want every nigga in
our club looking at y'all
like you're out of their league.
Damn scared to talk to y'all.
- Girl. I got you. I'll handle everything.
Tell that fine brother
of yours I said hey.
- Girl. yuck bye.
(door creaks)
- Yeah okay man. let me
handle this real quick.
but I'll give you a call back. all right.
Good for you to join us.
- I'm sorry. I had to
take care of something.
- Everything okay?
- Everything's great. everything's great.
- Wow. a smile.
Haven't seen that in a while Jasmine.
You being happy. thinking
must be a guy huh?
- Ed.
- I'm just asking just whatever.
What's bitting your ass?
And don't say nothing
because you've been quiet
ever since you've been here
so what's up?
- It's nothing. just work. it's cool.
- It's cool?
Seems like something's bothering you.
Feds right.
What's going on?
- I mean. I can't go into specifics
is the case I'm working on
and I'm not getting anywhere.
- Nigga got to be straight.
- Jasmine .
- My bad. you're gonna be good.
- Crazy.
- Look. when I brought you
up. no more rules. all right?
I didn't raise no quitters
and a damn sure didn't raise
people that's gonna be down
and out when times get tough.
Or whatever it is that you
need is gonna fall in your lap
right where supposed to never before.
Right. your sisters right.
Now be straight. all right.
- I love y'all man.
- I love you too man.
- Even you.
you should take care. I
need to go see Captain.
'cause all I'm gonna hear
is get it done Sebastian.
(laughs)
- We gonna get done as soon as this food.
can we eat now Jasmine?
- Yes please.
- All right man let me go get it.
- Nigga five hundred thousand--
- Man. (shushing) I got a bitch in there.
Nigga I told you I had a plan.
- What you mean?
- A bad bitch.
- A bad bitch?
- Exactly. Look. the
nigga we got doing drugs.
He got one bad habit that
always get his ass fucked up.
Matter of fact. he's a runner
now because of his bad habit.
It ain't coke. it ain't
alcohol niggas bitches.
We put that in the room with
a bad bitch and the cash.
And there's the grab.
Only thing. there got
to be a bitch bad enough
to have a nigga mind blown.
She can grab the cash and get the fuck on.
- See you later. son.
- Hold up nigga. the bad bitch .
- Nah nigga that's my bad bitch.
now get your ass out of here.
- So you bring me out here
on a fucking Sunday evening
to tell me you've been
out here shaking trees
and no shit to show?
- No. not yet but--
- But nothing.
I put you on this case 'cause
I thought you can get it done.
- And I will.
- When?
In the meantime drugs are
out here flooding my streets.
people out here die.
Drugs even made it's way to the schools.
The fucking schools Sebastian.
So when?
- Soon. I promise man.
- Fuck your promises.
Get it done Sebastian.
get it fucking done.
(sniffling)
- Damn baby. don't you
think that's enough?
- Bitch shut the fuck up. get off me.
- Nigga fuck you.
(licking fingers)
- So you really want this dick?
- Nigga obviously.
- All right. let's see.
Come here.
Oh yeah. fuck yeah. put your ass in there.
(moaning and choking)
- Rail. Rail.
(breathes heavily)
- Shit. the fuck. where's my fucking belt?
(laughs)
I guess I did kill the pussy. (laughs)
Oh shit. (exhales)
(indistinct club chatter)
- Just the girls I need to see. what's up?
- Nigga. we the girls
everybody needs to see.
- You're right about that.
The fuck going on. you
won't let a nigga sit down.
Y'all rude as fuck. these bitches.
- Do I gat to get the
fuck up for this nigga?
- Yeah. he's peoples.
(slow club music)
- What's up. where Jas at?
- She on some family shit right now.
- Fuck you mean. I've been
calling her all night.
tell her to get back with me ASAP.
- Chill. what's you need?
- (indistinct)
- No come on. don't act like
I can't handle the shit.
- Basically. I just need a bad bitch.
- So you brought me out of my booth
to tell me you just need a bad bitch?
- No that's where you're wrong.
I don't need a bad bitch.
I need the bad bitch.
- Oh. say less. just tell me
when and where and I got you.
- Look at you. all right little Jasmine.
turn up then.
- Nigga this is Hayes.
(footsteps)
- I'm the one to talk to.
But I brought you here to remind you
how important this drop is.
You know what I love more than money?
- What?
More money?
- Exactly?
So you joking. which was actually right.
And this motherfucker Caesar
is a rich motherfucker.
Needless to say. if he
happy then I'm happy.
And if I'm happy you for damn sure happy?
Just don't make me unhappy.
- I do no Drez and I got you.
- Good. cause if you
got me then I got you.
Look when you get back to
the hotel just lay low. okay.
everything will go back
to normal as usual.
- Come on. do I ever let you down?
- Nah. and don't start.
This is when you leave my office.
Hey. you seen Rail?
- Ricardo Lewis. you hear about Ricky?
I guess not.
All right. well. I know
what's gonna go on here man.
You gonna sit here ugly.
quiet and not say shit
'cause you ain't a snitch. right?
Lawyer.
that's what you're gonna say
over and over and over right?
All right cool.
Let's get straight to it.
You recognize this woman?
Look at it.
Oh. okay. silent.
You know why I brought you down here?
Because I found this
woman wrapped in a blanket
next to a fucking hotel dumpster.
Sick motherfucker.
Still silent.
Where you get those scratches from Rill.
Oh shit. you really for real.
Goddamn.
I made a bet with the fellas.
That you wouldn't respond to shit.
I'm counting.
Okay. yeah. I just lost $100 because--
- Look man.
I aint say shit.
- But you did.
But you did.
You said a lot trust me.
But guess what?
I don't give a fuck about
you. I want your boss.
So before you do that whole
I ain't no snitch my baby
think about this dickhead.
I got your DNA under
my victims fingernails.
Let that shit sink in.
You choked that bitch?
(laughs) You chocked that bitch.
Freaky man. huh?
I know you chocked her.
'cause your fingerprints
are on her drawer.
Fucking dumb ass.
So how about this?
Give me what the fuck I want.
Or get fucked in the ass for
the rest of your life bro.
It's your choice.
Stupid mother fucker.
(moaning)
- Damn. this type of shit
make me wanna keep you
women the whole weekend.
- What's your wife gonna think?
- I don't give a fuck
what she gonna think.
we can't do this type of shit.
- Well. I got some big
checks on the floor.
- As I said. with time I
ain't asked you all that.
I'm gonna take care of it.
- (indistinct)
- Bum it to me later.
- All right.
(group chatter)
- Still gonna hit that bitch.
(laughing)
- I wonder if you got some weed?
- We aint got no motherfucking weed.
(group chatter)
(hiphop music)
- Bitch what the fuck up?
(shouting and chattering)
- I don't know what the
fuck y'all laughing at.
Y'all know who the fuck it is?
(group chatter)
(slow nostalgic music)
- I know you just waiting on me.
- Shit. damn girl.
- I see you haven't freshened up for me.
So why don't you get in the shower.
Freshen up for me. I
got something for you.
- You're right. let me freshen up
so I can turn this mother fucker on.
Damn!
- You know the fuck going on.
Go ahead.
- Let me freshen up.
- Yap. I'll be right here.
(slow music)
- Don't be out there falling asleep on me.
you know I'm gonna tear that ass up.
Baby.
Shit. dirty bitch.
(eerie music)
- Bro you good?
- It is. I thought you was dead somewhere.
- That's my bad bro. I'm sorry.
I had some personal shit
that I had to take care of.
you feel me?
- Some personal shit.
I guess we all need some
fucking personal days
regardless of line of work we're in.
- I guess so.
What the...
Drez. man come on. bro
- Nigga. I don't need you
to fucking guess nigga.
- Fuck man.
- Nigga I need to fucking know
since you aint answering the phone. nigga.
- Damn bro.
- You know what.
lucky for you ain't got
time for your bullshit Rail.
I got bigger shit on floor.
- That's some bullshit.
- Understand this .nigga.
I believe Ceas when he said
he's dropped that work off.
Now I got 500.000 antales missing.
If you're done getting your
ass whooped by them hoes.
I'm gonna need you to
go find my money man.
- Yeah all right.
- Rail.
is there something you
need to tell me. man?
- Yeah. that I'm gonna get your money.
and I'm gonna get it back to you.
(eerie music)
- That's some flow nigga. I swear to God.
- I get that shit?
- Hell yeah nigga.
- What's that?
- That's your half of this.
- No. no keep it back there.
- Now what's up nigga?
- Man. I told you they got eyes on me.
I don't know what the fuck going on.
And I seen the nigga earlier
man. he was on some bullshit.
- Now. what's up nigga
following you or something?
- No. scary ass nigga.
Shit. I told you the nigga
got people everywhere. man.
But look. I'm gonna call you later on
and tell you where we can meet
up and split that shit up.
- Okay see you then.
- Good job.
- Good looking though my nigga.
- Hey look. we are about to
hit that nigga for mouth too.
watch what I tell you.
- Come on nigga. don't tell me that man.
- All right Sim. I'm off.
- All right.
Hey. I forgot to tell you. here take this.
We're gonna communicate
on these from now on.
And look my number is
the only number in there.
keep it that way motherfucker.
(eerie music)
(phone ringing)
Yeah. what's up?
- [Sebastian] I'm starting to think
I didn't make myself clear.
So let me make myself perfectly
fucking clear this time.
I will put your ass under the jail
if you don't give me your boss.
Now this is the second spot I've been to.
and aint shit here but dump bags.
Rill. stop fucking with me
and give me what I asked for.
Okay?
And don't think it for a
second. I'm not watching.
Clock is ticking.
- Fuck! Motherfucker!
- I'm thinking. Bentley truck.
- That's what you was thinking?
- Hell yeah. shit.
- Girl. you just don't know.
Drea.
where are you been at?
- My momma been sick. so
I went to go check on her.
I'm sorry I should've checked in.
- Damn. I'm sorry to hear that.
You know what. go to the bar.
grab a drink I'll be right with you.
What?
Damn. I aint mean all the time.
Back to this Bentley
truck with the red inside.
(giggles)
(ball smacks)
- Like I said...
- Now. I don't know
what this mean no more.
The fact that you took 500K from Drez.
What are you too fucking stupid
to get off the country with the money.
- Rill. I swear on my life. it wasn't me.
There was this bitch at the hotel man.
She had a green hair a
fat ass. thick as shit.
Yeah. I fucked up.
- Oh you fucked up all right (laughs)
You fucked up bad this time Tate.
But let me ask you something.
You play Uno?
- What?
- Uno motherfucker.
- Yeah. I play.
- Well. sit your a stupid ass down.
Now I'm gonna ask you one question.
And I'm only gonna ask you
this shit one time. Tate.
Do you got the money?
And if you answer anything
other than yes or no?
I'm gonna shoot you.
Now. do you have the money?
- No.
- Okay.
Well. pick your cards up.
Pick the fucking cards up.
I'm gonna go first.
I'm going to start you off with
(laughs) a draw fucking four.
(laughs) Shit.
That's my bad.
See I forgot to tell you. my
game my rules. you get it.
My game my rules?
- Yeah.
- And with that being said.
a draw four really means. I withdraw four.
From the trigger.
Ah look at you.
What the fuck you dropping for?
I almost had you there. Tate.
Now let me cut the bullshit thou.
now it's time to (indistinct) bitch.
(gunshot)
- We got a dead Tate.
and missing $500.000.
Only lead we got is a
bitch with green hair.
- Look. bro. that's all he said to me.
- Well. I guess we got to
find a bitch with green hair.
Or I have to start asking around.
But the only problem with that is
if I got to ask then what
the fuck do I need you for?
You understand me?
- Loud and fucking clear.
Yo. man we need to meet up and talk now.
All right.
- What's up baby. you're looking good.
- Nigga. skip to the fucking point.
it's cold as shit outside.
- All right.
I aint tell you everything.
but that play we had put down.
all that money we took.
that was Drez shit.
- Drez?
Nigga is you crazy?
- Don't bitch up on me now.
Look I need to know you down
just in case we gotta shake shit up.
- Shake shit shut up like how?
- Put it on Jas.
- No. no look. come here.
Just think about it.
We could say the bitch Drea did it.
but who the fuck man you think
she's gonna mention first?
Look I don't want this
shit more than you don't.
but we got to do the fuck we got to do
and I need to know if you're down.
Just think about it.
- What's wrong
- I just feel bad for this.
- Feel bad for getting money?
- I mean we were spending
something together
and not gonna go.
- That's the business.
Jul. you know I'm always at your back?
- I hope so.
But I don't always know that.
- Well. you better know that.
Come on with your fine ass.
I know this fucking Uber
driver better have a clean car.
- Don't worry about it Jasmine.
we going on a little ride yourself.
- You fucking with the wrong bitch.
- No I got the right
bitch. trust me. let's go.
- Well. it isn't the little bitch
who stole 500.000.
- I don't know who the
fuck either you are.
but I didn't steal shit
from either of you.
So you got the wrong Jasmine.
(laughs)
- No see. we got the right Jasmine.
However you're right. it
wasn't you that stole my money.
word is on the street it was
a little green-haired bitch
that work for you that did.
- Wait what?
- See that's what we're not gonna do.
we don't do interruption.
- Thank you man.
Now as I was saying. you
will pay me 500.000 in full.
See. I had to kill one of
my employees behind this.
So I'm gonna need that little
bitch who stole my money
I'm gonna need her dead as well.
But. I don't want you
to leave your thinking
I'm an unfair guy.
So I'm gonna give you what. would you say?
A week for the money?
But right now this guy
is gonna leave with you.
To take care of that
little thieving bitch.
You know. for my reassurance.
If that's okay with you.
- How I'm supposed to know
this is not some bullshit?
- All you need to know is
if you don't have my money.
(giggles) I will kill you.
And that's no bullshit.
Now get the fuck out of my office.
- Come on.
- Little bitch.
- Looking good.
- What's up ladies.
I need a drink.
- Where are you coming from?
- It's this nigga. whatever.
(girls laughing)
- And?
- We're gonna talk about that later.
How's your mom?
- Oh she's good. she's fine.
She good too.
about that nigga thou.
(intense music)
(girls screaming)
- Now. y'all bitches stay right here.
Bitches stay in the fucking water.
(girls screaming)
(intense music)
So like I said there's this guy right.
who all because of Drea is dead right now.
All because she had to go
and do only one of the...
The only rules I have. which
is don't steal from clients.
Now her ass is floating in a fucking pool.
And because this man is
dead of all your lives
could have been in jeopardy.
So take those fucked
up looks off your face
and say thank you.
'Cause I didn't just
kill a thieving bitch.
I just saved your fucking lives.
(intense music)
- Damn bitch. why you so wet?
- You're fucking happy?
- Oh shit. yeah this will do.
Get the fuck off.
- Yo. what's good?
You sound mad as hell on the phone.
That bitch Drea stole 500K from a nigga.
and almost got us all killed.
- Damn.
- So yeah.
I'm a little upset.
And now that bitch is
floating in the fucking pool.
- You killed her?
- She knew the fucking rules.
But fuck that bitch.
if we don't get this nigga
his money we're all fucked.
- Damn. what we about to do?
- Oh. sorry. I'll come back.
- You're good. what's going on?
How was everything with the client?
- Well. actually. I
didn't have a client call.
I went to a doctor's appointment
and I found out I'm pregnant.
I'm gonna keep it.
- What the fuck you talking
about. you keeping it?
- Jas. look. I know you upset but--
(gunshot)
- Y'all was doing too
much fucking talking.
What?
It's like you said right?
She knew what's up. she knew the rules.
Get yourself together. I'm
gonna go check on these hoes.
(slow eerie music)
- Hello.
- Hey what's up nigga.
I called you like three times my nigga.
you never answer that bitch.
I'll be over there in about
30 minutes my nigga. no less.
You talked to that bitch ass nigga?
- Was that him?
- Yo. man what the fuck?
I can't be out here with no police.
- You're right.
That's not a good look for
you Mr. Lewis. you know.
so you're gonna give
me what I want or what?
- I'm working on it.
- Clock is ticking.
Hey. Mr. Lewis. work smarter and harder.
(mumbling)
- What up nigga?
All right. I'm on my way.
(intense music)
what's up?
What the fuck you keep calling
my phone. what's up Jas.
- Yo. you heard of a
motherfucker name Drez?
- Yeah. I heard of a
motherfucker named Drez.
that's a motherfucker
you don't mess with. why?
- One of my bitches took
some pay from this nigga.
A lot of it. and now he
wants that shit back.
- Okay. where the cheese at?
Get it back.
- The fuck if I know.
She probably blew that shit.
That's why I need you to help
me take these niggas out.
- Take them out?
Aint your brother a fucking cop?
- I'm not getting them
involved in this shit.
If he ever knew what I was doing.
It's gotta be us boss. I need you.
- Does Hayes know about this shit?
- She knows enough.
She knows it could have been her ass dead.
- All right. I'll make a few calls.
see what the fuck I could come up with.
That's it.
That's all I can do.
- Thank you.
- All right.
- Wait!
- What's up?
- Call me ASAP.
- I'll call you.
it's on the house the house. Jas.
- Who is it?
- Nigga it's me.
- Shit!
- Damn. I fucking told you.
- What the fuck is the problem?
- Nigga. the fucking problem
is your mans wants his
money. nigga or else...
- Or else. your girl's gonna
die and we in the clear.
- Nigga that's family. fuck
is you talking about. nigga.
- What. you ready to die?
- Right.
- I told Hayes. where
we got the money from.
- How could you do some
stupid shit like that?
- Mother fucker I had to. nigga.
Plus Jas told Hayes everything.
and that bitch aint going
down for nobody nigga.
So bottom line is. it's
your time to shine.
- What the fuck do you
mean. my time to shine?
- The fuck I said.
Take that nigga out.
- Man it aint that easy.
- I need to keep shooters
around him all day everyday.
- I gotta figure out some
kind of way to get him alone.
- You mean to tell me you aint got no way
to get this nigga alone?
- Maybe maybe.
Tell me you got half of your money still.
- Hell yeah.
- Good.
'Cause we about to give that shit back.
- Like the fuck I am.
I aint giving up shit.
Plus. I'm saving up.
- Nigga shut the fuck up.
look I'm gonna tell you what
to tell your girl to do.
- Yeah. all right nigga.
- Motherfucker don't you move. nigga.
I aint here to kill you. I
got some information for you.
You been trying to get Drez. huh?
You aint got no fucking thing. nigga.
You know what. you do now.
Be at the address at two o'clock
and come alone. motherfucker.
- Now. how do I know this aint a set up?
- Nigga if I wanted to kill you
I'd have blew your motherfucking head off
when you were with that rat nigga Rill.
- What do you get out of this man.
- Don't bother touching that bag.
that's in there motherfucker.
(exhales)
(intense music)
- This nigga 30 minutes
late. you sure he coming?
- [] Yeah. nigga he coming.
I told you that's what's up. you good?
- Fuck no. I ain't good.
If this shit go south man.
- [] Aint shit going south. we good bro.
- Where will you even
get all that money from?
- [] Man don't worry about it. bro.
I told you we straight I
got this shit my nigga.
You worried about the wrong thing.
All you need to know is I got the money.
I'm trying to help you out
and get you the fuck out
the jam of this stupid ass shit bro.
- I think they're here.
I'm gonna call you right back.
- [] All right man.
- You late.
- Well. I had to make sure
you was actually by yourself.
I mean. sweeping this
building would take time.
Where my money?
(slow intense music)
- Is there a problem?
- You know what?
Actually it is.
You even had sense enough
to even change out the bills. huh Rail?
(gunshot)
(intense music)
- Jas. what are you into?
- Shit. fuck!
- Why are you even here?
- You don't get to ask
questions like that.
- Bast.
- Jas. what are you doing?
Come on.
- I can't let you do this.
- Do what?
- I can't let you not do your job.
I killed mom.
- What the fuck you talking
about. mommy overdosed.
- I hated her.
And either I had to kill her or myself.
that's how much I hated
her. and so I did it.
And you were right there
to protect me all the way.
And now I have to protect you.
Mom's not the only person I murdered.
(Sebastian shouting)
- Fuck. fuck.
What the fuck?
Why?
- What answer could I
possibly give you right now
that would make anything I'm saying okay.
This was bound to happen.
You know what you have to do Bast.
I'd rather it be you.
- So for the record for every
crime that you're admitting to
has nothing to do with
your brother detective.
Sebastian Bennett. no ties?
- Ma'am. the only crime
my brother ever committed
was loving me so much.
Well. how much you love yourself?
Let me help you. Jasmine.
Give me some of Drez sellers.
Some of the girls names. your girls names.
They're probably doing
shady deals themselves.
- Maybe they are. but the only
name I'm giving you is mine.
Bitch don't get greedy.
You got me that's all you getting.
- Unfucking believable.
I see this over and over again.
So quick to defend
everybody else but yourself.
And for what?
For street cred?
Not to tarnish your rep?
- Lady you don't know me.
- And I guess you think
that you're different
from every other criminal that
comes and sits in this seat.
Not only have I seen it. but I know it.
That's right. I grew up in the hood too.
- Drugs in and out my house.
Murders right in front of my face.
But I still chose not to live that life.
that's the difference between me and you.
Now take the deal or pay the
price I know you can't afford.
- Just because you grew up in the hood
doesn't mean you grew up in
my hood or lived in my house
and went through what I went through.
Y'all motherfuckers always
so quick to judge somebody
and think somebody's got a choice.
sometimes you got a choice.
You got to do what you got to
do to get through this world.
And you tell me take the
plea or pay the price.
bitch I already paid the ultimate price.
the price of love.
(intense music)
(eerie music)
(slow hip hop music)
♪ DDS ♪
♪ Pray for my dawg hmm ♪
♪ 'Cause I know he gon' ride for me ♪
♪ Ooh and when you look up in the sky ♪
♪ It got stars in it ♪
♪ And you can't tell me how to spend it ♪
♪ I work hard for it ♪
♪ Work hard ♪
♪ My relationship with God got
me richer than my pastors ♪
♪ Niggas be bringing' up the past ♪
♪ Like that shit is gonna pay the bills ♪
♪ Pay the bills ♪
♪ No it ain't ♪
♪ Said I'm gonna feed my whole team ♪
♪ We ain't going on no fast this year ♪
♪ You wouldn't believe it ♪
♪ Been doing it for my people ♪
♪ For my dawgs yeah yeah ♪
♪ No we ain't equal ♪
♪ Got it on my own ain't
have to wait for nothing ♪
♪ This what it feel like
when you came from nothing ♪
♪ I was made for all this shit ♪
♪ From all the pain and suffering ♪
♪ In another class of hustling
nigga change the subject ♪
♪ Try to please all of my
people that's my only problem ♪
♪ Same niggas left me at the
table I was hungry starving ♪
♪ All it took me was some patience ♪
♪ Started to slowly progress ♪
♪ And I pray for God to make a way ♪
♪ So I'm gonna go regardless ♪
♪ Spent a lot of lonely nights ♪
♪ When I was sitting in jail ♪
♪ Almost cried a thousand
nights when I was in my cell ♪
♪ I accept who I am either win or fail ♪
♪ I'm prepared to get it or die trying ♪
♪ Hope you wish me well ♪
♪ Pray for my dawg hmm 'cause
I know he gon' ride for me ♪
♪ Ooh and when you look up in the sky ♪
♪ It got stars in it ♪
♪ And you can't tell me how to spend it ♪
♪ I work hard for it ♪
♪ Work hard ♪
♪ My relationship with God got
me richer than my pastors ♪
♪ Niggas be bringing up the past ♪
♪ Like that shit is gonna pay the bills ♪
♪ Pay the bills ♪
♪ No it ain't ♪
♪ Said I'm gonna feed my whole team ♪
♪ We ain't going on no fast this year ♪
♪ You wouldn't believe it ♪
♪ Been doing it for my people ♪
♪ For my dawgs yeah yeah ♪
♪ No we ain't equal ♪
♪ My only loss is being
loyal to the wrong niggas ♪
♪ Get support from everybody
except my own niggas ♪
♪ Everybody rooting for
you 'til you on winning ♪
♪ If they don't wanna see you up ♪
♪ Then them the wrong niggas ♪
♪ How the fuck I look like
shining I got niggas hurting ♪
♪ I got homies doing time
and niggas in the dirt ♪
♪ Ain't no point of standing
around if you ain't finna work ♪
♪ Always kept our eyes on
the prize niggas been alert ♪
♪ My nigga Jetto got
indicted on a State charge ♪
♪ Went to sentence by himself
I had to pray for him ♪
♪ I told him when home he
good I'ma wait for him ♪
♪ Never let this Fed system
break us we was made for it ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Pray for my dawg hmm ♪
♪ Real shit. nigga ♪
♪ 'Cause I know he gonna ride for me ♪
♪ You know I'ma ride for mine ♪
♪ Ooh and when you look up in the sky ♪
♪ It got stars in it ♪
(slow instrumental music)